This is 1 million
I'll give you the rest in a few days.
Xiaofan, I believe in Sister Yue
I'll take you back, no need
My battery car is not far away
Sister Yue, you can go back first, then I'll go first, bye.
second hand
What!
Didn't you say that Xiao Fan is just a security guard?
Why can't even beat Paul?
Is he still in the hospital?
How dare I lie to you?
It must have been the kid who attacked
If he hadn't attacked and run so hard
It's absolutely impossible to be knocked down by him
How could a small security guard not defeat him?
Yeah, he killed him.
Kill him when I came out of Mr. Ma
He had no clothes on him.
And almost got sent to a goddamn mental hospital
Right now you can turn farther
What else?
Since that stinky bitch doesn't cooperate
He must hold a shareholders' meeting immediately to engage him
I have bought a 15% stake in Blue Source Group
I'm still worried about not being able to handle him
Found in location
See what else he pretends to be noble
Great, I'll tell my mom now.
Tell him to get out of the shareholders' meeting immediately